1. Write preliminary scripts for a Placeholder Chess piece and for the board
scripts in order such as:
Starting the game
Mouse Selection
Setting arrays and pieces and prefabs
spawning pieces


should there be 3 types of pawns?

2. Import assets

3. Write move sets for each type of piece		


2017-07-17
I plan to add possible Move functions for all pieces
Then I plan to add a Highlight possible move function which creates tiles in the possible places a piece can move to.

-ok what i got to was adding the possible moves for horizontal and vertical pawns. because i did it in a stupid way in which inside the script i said
if it makes it to the last row it should switch its code to another set of code, and i think just deleting the horizontal pawn and spawning a vertical pawn in its place would 
have been easier. oh well

- still need to test, but i think it works. right now V and H pawns move forward in multiples of two. because i need to make them stronger to compensate for having to move twice as far
as diagonal pawns. Im not sure if i should add that they can move in multiples of one. probably should. that is more of a playtesting thing and i feel like putting it off. (i will regret this later)

2017-07-18
I plan to add a random piece picker and a random move tester to test the pieces i create, currently just H and V pawns
I then plan to make move sets for the diagonal pawns and rest of the pieces. 
Then to highlighting moves if i get to it.

2017-07-20
Added diagonalpawns and rook move sets. also debugged some of H and V pawns

2017-07-20
I plan to add bishops, queens and knights
-Added bishops, queens and knight, and kings though i need to addd the side moves for the kings still havent finished
added highlights and i need to change the opacity of those highlights. shouldnt be too hard

2017-07-21
-Added Selection and kings moves and a start game

2017-07-22
-Added selection highlights and start game button

Alright from here on out there are 5 things i would like to work and complete before the end of summer:
-3D UI instead of flat camera angles
-online play between 2 people from different computers
-Computer AI opponent
-Formal Notation 
-Move Tracker

I like how the ones at the end are probably necessary for the ones at the beginning (terrible topological ordering)

2017-07-23
going to try and make it so i can view in 3 dimensions at time, by adding right click rotation of the camera
add a chessboard grid to make it easier to see. or planes?
- ok added rotating the cube which is pretty cool, i want to make it rotate in the y and z direction as well
- i want to add a show info button and i want to make the objects darker










